and Joab was told behold the king is
weeping and mourning for Absalom so the
victory that day was turned into
mourning for all the people for the
people heard it said that day the king
is grieved for his son and the people
stole back into the city that day as
people who are ashamed steal away when
they flee in battle
but the king covered his face and the
King cried out with a loud voice oh my
son Absalom oh my son my son
then Jorah came into the house to the
king today
you have disgraced all your servants who
today have saved your life the lives of
your sons and daughters the lives of
your wives and the lives of your
concubines in that you love your enemies
and hate your friends for you have
declared today that you regard neither
Prince's nor servants for today I
perceive that if Absalom had lived and
all of us had died today that it would
have pleased you well now therefore
arise go out and speak comfort to your
servants for I swear by the Lord if you
do not go out not one will stay with you
this night and that will be worse for
you
and all the evil that has befallen you
from your youth until now remember King
arose and sat in the gate and they told
all the people there is the king sitting
in the gate so all the people came
before the king for every one of Israel
had fled to his tent now all the people
were in a dispute throughout all the
tribes of Israel the king saved us from
the hand of our enemies he delivered us
from the hand of the Philistines and now
he is fled from the land because of
Absalom
but Absalom whom we anointed over us has
died in battle
now therefore why do you say nothing
about bringing back the king so King
David sent as a dock and a Bertha the
priests speak to the elders of Judah
saying why are you the last to bring the
King back to his house since the words
of all Israel have come to the King
through his very house you are my
brethren you are my bone and my flesh
why then are you the last to bring back
the king and say to a Mesa are you not
my bone and my flesh God do so to me and
more also if you are not commander of
the army before me continually in place
of Joab so he swayed the hearts of all
the men of Judah just as the heart of
one man so that they sent this word to
the king return you and all your
servants
when the King returned and came to the
Jordan and Judah came to Gilgal to go to
meet the King to escort the King across
the Jordan and shimmy I the son of Gera
a Benjamite who was from Purim hurried
and came down with the men of Judah to
meet King David there were a thousand
men of Benjamin with him and Ziya the
servant of the house of Saul and his 15
sons and his twenty servants with him
and they went over the Jordan before the
king then a ferryboat went across to
carry over the Kings household and to do
what he thought good now shimmy I the
son of Gera fell down before the King
when he had crossed the Jordan do not
let my lord impute iniquity to me or
remember what Ron your servant did on
the day that my lord the King left
Jerusalem but the King should take it to
heart for hire your servant know that I
have sinned therefore Here I am the
first to come today of all the house of
Joseph to go down to meet my lord the
king
but a Beshear the son of zeruiah
answered shall not shimmy I be put to
death for this because he cursed the
Lord's anointed and David said what have
I to do with you you sons of xariah and
you should be adversaries to me today
shall any man be put to death today in
Israel for do I not know that today I am
king over Israel well for the king said
to shimmer high you shall not have died
and the kings swore to him now
mephibosheth the son of Saul came down
to meet the king and he had not cared
for his feet nor trimmed his mustache
nor washed his clothes from the day the
King departed until the day he returned
in peace so it was when he had come to
Jerusalem to meet the king that the king
said to him why did you not go with me
Mephibosheth my lord o king my servant
deceived me for your servant said I will
saddle a donkey for myself that I may
ride on it and go to the king because
your servant is lame and he has
slandered your servant to my lord the
king but my lord the king is like the
angel of God therefore do what is good
in your eyes for all my father's house
were but dead men before my lord the
king yet you set your servant among
those who eat at your own table
therefore what right have I still to cry
out anymore to the king why do you speak
any more of your matters I have said
humans aibi
divide the land rather let him take it
all in as much as my lord the king has
come back in peace to his own house and
Bo Xilai the gileadite
came down from Rogan and went across the
Jordan with the King to escort him
across the Jordan
now Barzillai was a very aged man 80
years old and he had provided the King
with supplies while he stayed at mare
name for he was a very rich man
and the King said to Basel I come across
with me and I will provide for you while
you are with me in Jerusalem how long
have I to live that I should go up with
the King to Jerusalem I am today 80
years old and I discern between the good
and bad can your servant taste what I
eat or what I drink can I hear any
longer the voice of singing men and
singing women why then should your
servant be a further burden to my lord
the king the servant will go on this way
across the Jordan with the king and why
should the king repay me with such a
reward
please let you serve return back again
that I may die at my own City near the
grave of my father the mother but here
is your servant Kim ham let him cross
over with my lord the king and do for
him what seems good to you Kim ham shall
cross over with me and I will do for him
what seems good to you now whatever you
request of me I will do for you then all
the people went over the Jordan
and when the King had crossed over the
king kissed Basel I and blessed him and
he returned to his own place now the
King went on to Gilgal and Kim Hamm went
on with him and all the people of Judah
escorted the king and also half the
people of Israel just then all the men
of Israel came to the king why have our
brethren the men of Judah stolen you
away and brought the King his household
and all David's men with him across the
Jordan so all the men of Judah answered
the men of Israel because the king is a
close relative of ours why then are you
angry over this matter
have we ever eaten at the King's expense
or has he given us any gift and the men
of Israel answered the men of Judah we
have 10 shares in the King therefore we
also have more right to David than you
why then do you despise us were we not
the first to advise bringing back our
King yet the words of the men of Judah
were fiercer than the words of the men
of Israel